Vic "i thought it said 'hi aaron, i'm not gay'" 
Ali "wildim" 
Matt"i need an 85 dollar usb" 
Ali "im not a bitch, im just being honest" 
Fiel "oofline" 
Fiel "respect aaron thx," 
Aaron "i had to borrow matthews...he wears pushup bras"
Fiel "its outlet u fucking idiot" 
Fiel "i dont sweat"
Ronnie "i hate this mexican gengar"  
Aaron "gimme some poopazz"
Matt "I love sucking my own dick when I cant get others to do it for me"
Ali "satans holy cult"
Victoria "i saved aaron from those little girls" 
Fiel "respect miners thx" 
Fiel "i dont wanna be a miner" 
Matt "I SEE THICC BADDIE ON SCREEN!" 
Ali "right now everybody is part of the thicc baddie group excluding victoria"
Matt "did my character just jerk off"
Matt "thats some big tide pods over there :) (referring to breasts)"
Aaron "u know what u're a big breathe" 
Vic "everything is bigger in amurica :D" 
Matt "I think it's THIS cardboard?!?!??!?! (referring to Nintendo LABO)" 
Matt "I am ikea man" 
Fiel "i was bleached" 
Ali "im a hungry hungry hippo!"
Sam "I JUST TOOK THE MOST PAINFUL SHIT OF MY LIFE" 
Fiel "Yeah you can still have it if you just swallow the balls" 
Vic "It gets bigger everyday. It was small and then it went like woop"
Ali "U CRACK HEAD GET OUT!"
Ali "U'RE GONNA PISS? OKAY BYE"
Ali "this is why people don't think we're normal" 
Sam "I don't know where spain is! i don't even know where my asshole is!!" 
Aaron "HE CAME WITH CLOTHES THEY WOULDN'T GIVE U A DOLL WITHOUT CLOTHES" 
Fiel "Turn me all the way up. BLAST ME!" 
Ali "well since im a villain..." 
Aaron "what tea do you eat?" 
Ali "i love satan... it's so softt :heart: :kissing_heart:" 
Ali "*italics* whip n' dab" 
Matthew "who needs aimee when u have ur bestie" 
Sam "YOU SMELL LIKE MY ASSWIPE"
Matt "who's playing minecraft in my Christian Golf Server!!??!!" 
Ali "*sings our father* I dont know any church songs" 
Victoria "sleep now baby [to matt]" 
Victoria "cAN YOU FeEl The love to fuck" 
Fiel "*whispers intensely* matt's **THICC**" 
Haresh "Im poopy" 
Fiel "is it like gae?" 
Aaron "Im a pretty princess look at my frog" 
Aaron "We got a cat trap in a potato sac!!" 
Haresh "I should have busted" 
Matt "My boy couchie" 
Ronnie "I stan doggy style" 
Ali "alright let's bang out aaron" 
Mattie "Im stuck in aaron's toes" 
Ali "Give it a lil suck while youre down their" 
Ali "his ass looks like grass and haresh is gonna mow it" 
Haresh "Can we sleep together :pleading_face: " 
Aaron "haresh is sleeping next to someone whos not me:pensive:" 
Haresh "oh i guess you decided to stay" 
Ali "gucci in the coochie" 
Matt "Mackamizzle, more like Mackamessi" 
Haresh "Some people are just fat as fuck" 
Aaron "Stay on the tip, stay on the tip, stay on the tip" 
Vic "i dont like ugly" 
Vic "did i hit it good?" 
Fiel "I'm getting absolutely smashed" 
Haresh "got good pussy??" 
Ali "Quack Quack" 
Fiel "My brains about to bust" 
Haresh "(to aaron )you just have matt for sex and me for chopping sh*t down" 
Ali "I peed on her couch for that one" 
Haresh "Im gonna kill you and all your moms"